---
layout: post
title:  "Am I Crazy?"
date:   2016-09-28 19:31:43 +0000
---


If you would have told me a year ago, that right now, I would be learning to code, I would probably have said that you are crazy. I never pictured myself ever thinking about learning code, or pursuing it as a career, but here I am. How did I get here?
That is a bit of a long story, but I will sum it up for you. 

When I graduated high school 12 years ago (now you now about how old I am, ahhh), I knew that I wanted to live in Nashville , and also that I wanted to study music. I went to Belmont University as a commercial guitar performance major. My days were spent studying music and playing my guitar for about 8 hours a day. After a year of playing guitar my hands literally almost fell off. I got tendonitis, and had to quit. I switched my major to Entertainment Industry with a minor in Music Business. Little did I know that when I graduated (2008), my job prospects would be nil. (I did mean that little piece of coding wordplay.)

In 2008, I was a recent college graduate, with student loans the size of a mortgage staring me in the face. As much as I wanted to take menial jobs in the music business, I could not afford to work for next to nothing. I decided to work where I could make enough money to be a responsible adult and pay my bils. Whoever said that being an adult was fun, was lying. 
For many years I worked in restaurants as a server, and as a receptionist in medical offices in order to make due. I have switched around from job to job, always looking for a career path, but have not really found any. 

I know there is more for me in this world, than to have a job that anyone off the street can do. I want to set myself apart. I know that I can do more. I want to be challenged in my career. I want to have a career that is rewarding, and always has something new to offer. 

When I started doing research on new career paths I could take, I found out about the Flatiron school. The more research I did about coding, the more I figured that it would be something that I would love to do. It seems like the feild is filled with active learners, who are supportive of each other, and who are always wanting to learn more. 

After all of the research, I took the plunge and enrolled in Flatiron school. I feel like I am going at the pace of a turtle, but I am going to get there. I am still on the Intro to Ruby course, so I haven't even techniqually started the Full-Stack Web Development course yet, but I will get there! It is all about taking baby steps. 

For the moment, my goal is to solidify the little bit of knowledge that I have of Ruby so far, and to build on top of that. I am super excited to see where coding takes me. 

Thanks for taking the time to read. 


- Angie
